hey youtube this is gonna be an unboxing
of the really spot or what's ever in
here I cancer is hot well it should be
whatever it is it's pretty lightweight
and I'm kind of concerned about quality
of it weighs maybe one ounce but i'll go
ahead open it now this is from pop vine
so this is not a genuine Rubik's clock
in fact they misspelled the word magic
this is jay in here other than a G ok so
it has this in here where this is
supposed to do is a hot bottom on it and
on necessary amount of times all day and
here actually they did spell magic
correctly think you'll seem like another
thing they put different words different
letters let's see we got all these
little symbols here you got a little sad
onion thing um you shouldn't throw it
away no matter how bad it it should be
pretty good okay so when you open this
is what you see it's basically packaged
to be sold in a store chinese store
actually a lot smarter than I thought
open this box melz interesting like
scraping i just read these okay we got a
full of paper size piece of paper with
writing that time goes off the page it's
like um see like the paragraph starts
right here but then it comes to hear so
that's poor but the other side is thing
done correctly and slate misspelled
magic plus I guess is a pretty common
hammer I know they actually puzzle is so
I only keep the package is nice here it
is it's pretty small let me get a few /
compares
ok so here we got a normal size 3 by 3
this is how it measures up be it's about
it as best they can one block you can
see the size of Pearson I don't really
know much about these I know that the
goal is to get all the little clocks on
to read twelve o'clock I know that these
pegs can change the way the clocks we
interact with each other well that's a
little cracked right there but it's not
just too big of a deal might polish it
try to nullify the amount of cracks that
are in it um there's some Chinese riding
on I have no idea what it means i'm
guessing US has magic clock but you're
Chinese and you know this says leave a
comment it could be anything all I know
see all these little pegs go in and out
and like I'm guessing they do some kind
of gear gear changes i guess was like a
little transmission type of deal in here
but all these turn to the back ones
that's weird this is going to be
complicated I could tell let's see all
the back ones turn do that only the
corners well I'm calling this the back I
guess just because it's um darker is
naturally it's natural to call it the
back part of something could be the
front element well let's see what
happens when we touch all these up all
these turn I'm guessing that
okay oh yes to keep this video from
being too long i guess i'll just stop it
right here but um once i figure out how
this actually works um i think i'll make
a video